There was a reason why
God brought the truth to you
And called you
from the darkness to the light.
Within your heart,
he saw the longing that you had
To search for him
and practice what is right.
You promised him in prayer
to do his will;
He helped you then,
and he will help you still.
With Jesus’ blood He bought you,
to God you now belong.
So he will make you firm,
and he will make you strong.
He’ll guide you and protect you,
as he has all along.
Yes, he will make you firm,
and he will make you strong.
God gave his own beloved Son
in your behalf;
On this account,
He wants you to succeed.
If He did not withhold
the gift of His dear Son,
Then never doubt He’ll give
the strength you need.
He won’t forget the faith
and love you’ve shown;
He will not fail
to care for all His own.
With Jesus’ blood He bought you,
to God you now belong.
So he will make you firm,
and he will make you strong.
He’ll guide you and protect you,
as he has all along.
Yes, he will make you firm,
and he will make you strong.